it happened after this that Nahash the
it happened after this that Nahash the king of the people of ammon died and his
king of the people of ammon died and his
king of the people of ammon died and his son reigned in his place then David said
son reigned in his place then David said
son reigned in his place then David said I will show kindness to Haman the son of
I will show kindness to Haman the son of
I will show kindness to Haman the son of Nahas because his father showed kindness
Nahas because his father showed kindness
Nahas because his father showed kindness to me so David sent messengers to
to me so David sent messengers to
to me so David sent messengers to comfort him concerning his father and
comfort him concerning his father and
comfort him concerning his father and David's servants came to Haman in the
David's servants came to Haman in the
David's servants came to Haman in the land of the people of ammon to comfort
land of the people of ammon to comfort
land of the people of ammon to comfort him and the princes of the people of
him and the princes of the people of
him and the princes of the people of ammon said to hainan do you think that
ammon said to hainan do you think that
ammon said to hainan do you think that David really honors your father because
David really honors your father because
David really honors your father because he has sent comforters to you did his
he has sent comforters to you did his
he has sent comforters to you did his servants not come to you to search and
servants not come to you to search and
servants not come to you to search and to overthrow and despite out the land
to overthrow and despite out the land
to overthrow and despite out the land therefore hainan took David's servants
therefore hainan took David's servants
therefore hainan took David's servants shaved them and cut off their garments
shaved them and cut off their garments
shaved them and cut off their garments in the middle at their buttocks and sent
in the middle at their buttocks and sent
in the middle at their buttocks and sent them away and some went and told David
them away and some went and told David
them away and some went and told David about the men and he sent to meet them
about the men and he sent to meet them
about the men and he sent to meet them because the men were greatly ashamed and
because the men were greatly ashamed and
because the men were greatly ashamed and the King said wait at Jericho until your
the King said wait at Jericho until your
the King said wait at Jericho until your beards have grown and then returned
when the people of ammon saw that they
when the people of ammon saw that they had made themselves repulsive to David
had made themselves repulsive to David
had made themselves repulsive to David Heyman and the people of Ammon sent a
Heyman and the people of Ammon sent a
Heyman and the people of Ammon sent a thousand talents of silver to hire for
thousand talents of silver to hire for
thousand talents of silver to hire for themselves chariots and horsemen from
themselves chariots and horsemen from
themselves chariots and horsemen from Mesopotamia from Syrian America and from
Mesopotamia from Syrian America and from
Mesopotamia from Syrian America and from zubur so they hired for themselves
zubur so they hired for themselves
zubur so they hired for themselves 32,000 chariots with the king of America
32,000 chariots with the king of America
32,000 chariots with the king of America and his people who came and encamped
and his people who came and encamped
and his people who came and encamped before meda burr also the people of
before meda burr also the people of
before meda burr also the people of Ammon gathered together from their
Ammon gathered together from their
Ammon gathered together from their cities and came to battle now when David
cities and came to battle now when David
cities and came to battle now when David heard of it he sent Joab and all the
heard of it he sent Joab and all the
heard of it he sent Joab and all the army of the mighty men realm the people
army of the mighty men realm the people
army of the mighty men realm the people of Ammon came out and put themselves in
of Ammon came out and put themselves in
of Ammon came out and put themselves in battle away before the gate of the city
battle away before the gate of the city
battle away before the gate of the city and the kings who had come were by
and the kings who had come were by
and the kings who had come were by themselves in the field when George saw
themselves in the field when George saw
themselves in the field when George saw that the battle line was against him
that the battle line was against him
that the battle line was against him before and behind
before and behind
before and behind he chose some of Israel's best and put
he chose some of Israel's best and put
he chose some of Israel's best and put them in battle array against the sea and
them in battle array against the sea and
them in battle array against the sea and the rest of the people he put under the
the rest of the people he put under the
the rest of the people he put under the command of a by shot his brother and
command of a by shot his brother and
command of a by shot his brother and they set themselves in battle array
they set themselves in battle array
they set themselves in battle array against the people of Ammon then he said
against the people of Ammon then he said
against the people of Ammon then he said if the Syrians are too strong for me
if the Syrians are too strong for me
if the Syrians are too strong for me then you shall help me but if the people
then you shall help me but if the people
then you shall help me but if the people of Ammon are too strong for you and I
of Ammon are too strong for you and I
of Ammon are too strong for you and I will help you be of good courage and let
will help you be of good courage and let
will help you be of good courage and let us be strong for our people and for the
us be strong for our people and for the
us be strong for our people and for the cities of our God and may the Lord do
cities of our God and may the Lord do
cities of our God and may the Lord do what is good in his sight so Joanne and
what is good in his sight so Joanne and
what is good in his sight so Joanne and the people who were with him drew near
the people who were with him drew near
the people who were with him drew near for the battle against the Syrians and
for the battle against the Syrians and
for the battle against the Syrians and they fled before
they fled before
they fled before when the people of ammon saw that the
when the people of ammon saw that the
when the people of ammon saw that the Syrians were fleeing they also fled
Syrians were fleeing they also fled
Syrians were fleeing they also fled before a by shot his brother and entered
before a by shot his brother and entered
before a by shot his brother and entered the city
the city
the city so Joab went to Jerusalem
so Joab went to Jerusalem
so Joab went to Jerusalem now when the Syrians saw that they had
now when the Syrians saw that they had
now when the Syrians saw that they had been defeated by Israel they sent
been defeated by Israel they sent
been defeated by Israel they sent messengers and brought the Syrians who
messengers and brought the Syrians who
messengers and brought the Syrians who were beyond the river and show 'fuck the
were beyond the river and show 'fuck the
were beyond the river and show 'fuck the commander of had a DZ's army went before
commander of had a DZ's army went before
commander of had a DZ's army went before them when it was told David he gathered
them when it was told David he gathered
them when it was told David he gathered all Israel lost over the Jordan and came
all Israel lost over the Jordan and came
all Israel lost over the Jordan and came upon them and set up in battle array
upon them and set up in battle array
upon them and set up in battle array against them when David had set up in
against them when David had set up in
against them when David had set up in battle array against the Syrians they
battle array against the Syrians they
battle array against the Syrians they fought
fought
fought [Music]
when the Syrians fled before Israel and
when the Syrians fled before Israel and David killed 7,000 charioteers
David killed 7,000 charioteers
David killed 7,000 charioteers and 40,000 foot soldiers of the Syrians
and 40,000 foot soldiers of the Syrians
and 40,000 foot soldiers of the Syrians and killed show fact the commander of
and killed show fact the commander of
and killed show fact the commander of the army and when the servants of Haider
the army and when the servants of Haider
the army and when the servants of Haider diese saw that they were defeated by
diese saw that they were defeated by
diese saw that they were defeated by Israel they made peace with David and
Israel they made peace with David and
Israel they made peace with David and became his servants
became his servants
became his servants so the Syrians were not willing to help
so the Syrians were not willing to help
so the Syrians were not willing to help the people of ammon anymore